hey guys sorry i've been gone for so
long but i just wanted to like tell you
guys a story about me and my mother
going to goodwill because i had to buy
it ugly sweater i want to buy a blue
sweater because i want to see if i could
just like walk it or whatever but we're
going off like all right mom I'm gonna
dye my hair blue so what color should I
pick her up sweater she's like yellow
goes good with bluehost look okay so we
go there and I find this really ugly
yellow sweater and it's like goes to
here on me and it's like a circle that
goes up like this and it was like really
really really fluffy and I was like all
right I'm gonna pick this one and so
when I brought it home my moms like I'm
gonna wash it cuz you know how who wore
that I was like all right and so she
comes up she comes back upstairs couple
hours later and she's like I don't think
I was supposed to try that this is the
sweater it's like super tight on me now
and it's like the most of the fluff is
gone it's all over all the rest of the
clothes and it's like a vivo up here I
don't even know how that transformed
into a circle into lead but it did and I
don't know I think it's really cute
sweater now but it just kind of sucks
that I was there for everyone like cute
one but anyway um I also found this
mascara at walmart I think hard candy
definitely has to be my new favorite
makeup brand and well I just found this
like
I don't know you can see it but it's
just called a thousand lashes it's like
my favorite mascara now it's like fiber
eyes Lashley's mascara it has like
little fibers in it that build up on
your eyelashes and let me go funky go up
videos just weird but it just thickens
out your lashes born i'm really liking
and then after you use that i use fried
candy volumizing clash and it just built
it up a lot more I don't know I like I
don't know why I like it so much but I
like like the fake look fake eyelashes
look I don't like fake eyelashes because
I can never get them all right that's
not making me really angry but it really
looks like that guy lashes and I like it
a lot I'm not sure why but if you ever
want to go check those things out go to
your local walmart but
alright that's it for now feeling will
sneeze I can get any yellow fuzzies up
and oh yeah I'm gonna go guys